bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/thumper
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/indoor_ambience
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/floating_islands_background_music
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/above_surface_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/misc/fixing the lamest bugs in docking and undocking because lame code is broken
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/jellyfish
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/seamonkey_baby
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/brinewing
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures surface/snowstalker_baby_above
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/whiteout
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/sub
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/hoopfish
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/supply_drop
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/vehicles/hoverbike
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/deep_purple_vents
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/jellyshroom_caves_music
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/lava_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/indoorsounds
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/thunder and wind and hail
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/glow_whale
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/TEST_no_pda_pause
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/lost_river_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/footsteps/footsteps_and_land_for_mixing
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/grasy_background (2)
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/vehicles/prawnsuit
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/swim_surface
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/jellyshroom_caves
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/deploys
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/crashfish
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/snowball
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/Pickups_no_pda_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/discus_fish
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures surface/pinnacarid_above
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/rocket
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/nofilter/other_no_filter
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures_amphibious
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/loot
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/above_surface_music/glacial_basin_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/endgame_sfx
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/tech
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/ui_no_pda_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/glow_whale/seadragon
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/surface
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/lillypaddler
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/reffback
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/endgame_sfx/ship_sfx
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/pinnacarid_below
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/thunder and wind and hail/meteors
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/penguin_baby_below
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/vent_garden_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/cinematics
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/beach
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/reef_background_music
bus:/master
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/endgame_sfx/platform_sfx
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/below_zero_player_voice
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/blood_kelp_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/vehicles/seatruck
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/air_bladder
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/lava_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/misc/powerstuff
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/spikeytrap
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/misc/rocket loops
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/grandreef_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/vo_no_pda_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/symbiote_fish
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/hidden_croc
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/nootfish
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/mushroom_background
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/prec_base_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/misc/ambs
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/kelp_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/kelp_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/hypothermia
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/spinner
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/thermos
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures_amphibious/rock_puncher
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/beacons
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/underislands_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/intro
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/dives
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_events_for_mix
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/cyclops_loop
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/endgame_sfx/power_room_sfx
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/floating_islands_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/jukebox
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/vo_no_pda_pause/vo_for_filter
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/nofilter/brinewing_freeze
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/below_zero_player_voice/emote_to_mute_when_voice
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/snowstalker_baby_below
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/hypothermia/cold_breaths
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/vo_no_pda_pause/vo_for_filter/leveling PDA entries
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/cyclops_stop
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/quantum_locker
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/chelicerate
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/player
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/footsteps
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/vehicles
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/misc
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/indoor_ambience/indoor_pointsource
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/mushroom_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/player/surface_and_submerge
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/endgame_sfx/platform_sfx/gate_sfx
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures_amphibious/iceworm
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/player/sfx
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/thunder and wind and hail/hail
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures_amphibious/trivalve
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/vo_for_filter
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/chelicerate/anims
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/knife
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/below_surface_music/arctic_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/bonesharkbitemutes
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/AI voice
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/lillypaddler/anims
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures surface/penguin_baby_above
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/below_zero_player_voice/emote_vo
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/bz_vo/robin_hangar_vo
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/Pickups_no_pda_pause/reverbsend_no_pda_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/triops
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/indoor_ambience/starting_base_alarm
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures surface/penguin_adult_above
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/grasy_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/Sounds_muted by pain
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/VOs
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/recyclotron
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/trivalve_underwater
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/blood_kelp_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/hoverpad
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/grasy_background (2)_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/penguin_adult_below
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/ui
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/arctic_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures_amphibious/alan
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/east_arctic_underwater
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/below_surface_music/twisty_bridges_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/unsorted_sfx
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/indoorsounds/forcefield
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/titanhole_fish
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/nofilter
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/arrowray
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/vo_no_pda_pause/vo_for_filter/voicemails
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/squidshark
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/bz_vo/log_alan_bodytransfer_fr_2d
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/music_for_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/bruteshark
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures surface
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures surface/trivalve_above
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/purple_vents
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/grandreef_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/fabricator close
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/snowstalker_below
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/bz_vo
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/lost_river_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures surface/snowstalker_above
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/lillypaddler/no filter
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creature_hold
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/Aurora warnings
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/seamonkey
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/purple_vents/explosions
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/twisty_bridges_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/cyclops voice
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/reef_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/Tools_no_pda_pause
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/underislands_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/iceworm_lair
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/below_surface_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/indoor_ambience/indoor_pointsource/marg_base_appliances
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/nofilter/spy_penguin
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/lilypads_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/grasy_background
bus:/master/Music_no_pause/music/mutable music/koosh_background_music
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/bz_vo/pda_vo
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creature_hold/baby_penguin
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/metal_detector
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/endgame_sfx/ship_sfx/ship_amb_to_duck
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/player/voice
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/tree_spires_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/backgrounds/underwater_backgrounds/koosh_background
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/shadow_leviathan
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/env
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverbsend/emotes
bus:/master/UI_no_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/featherfish
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/tools/spy_penguin_filtered
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/chelicerate/cinematics
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/ghost
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/creatures underwater/arcticray
bus:/master/Music_no_pause
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/room_verb
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/nofilter/spy_penguin_filter
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/2D_voiceover_for_distance
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/regularverb
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/VO_in_shuttle
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/VO_Cave_Verb
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/reverb
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/endgame_sfx/power_room_sfx/portal_enter_stereo
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/music_lowpass
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/Surface_Verb
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/indoor occlusion
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/thunder_cave
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/bz_vo/vo_emotes
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/gen_lowpass
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/SFX/reverb
bus:/master/SFX_for_pause/PDA_pause/all/all voice/VO_Marge_Base
bus:/
